Known inventory saved views issue (#216212)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

*Impact* +

> Clusters with saved objects of the type inventory-view may fail to upgrade to 8.17.3 leading to downtime until the failed upgrade is rolled back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clusters with saved objects of the type inventory-view may fail to upgrade to 8.17.3, resulting in downtime until the failed upgrade is rolled back.
```

Reviewer: a small nit, otherwise lg
